QUIC flow control is not quite like HTTP/2 (#3766)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

## Data Flow Control {#data-flow-control}

> QUIC employs a limit-based flow-control scheme similar, where a receiver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QUIC employs a limit-based flow-control scheme where a receiver
```

> advertises the number of bytes it is prepared to receive on a given stream and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
advertises the limit of total bytes it is prepared to receive on a given stream or
```

  buffer capacity for the connection, by limiting the total bytes of stream data
  sent in STREAM frames on all streams.

A receiver sets initial limits for all streams by sending transport parameters
during the handshake ({{transport-parameters}}).  A receiver sends
MAX_STREAM_DATA ({{frame-max-stream-data}}) or MAX_DATA ({{frame-max-data}})
frames to the sender to advertise larger limits.

> A receiver can advertise a larger limit for a stream by sending a MAX_STREAM_DATA

Reviewer: "can advertise a larger limit" or "can increase the limit for a stream"

frame with the Stream ID field set appropriately.  A MAX_STREAM_DATA frame
indicates the maximum absolute byte offset of a stream.  A receiver could use the
current offset of data consumed to determine the flow control offset to be
advertised. A receiver MAY send MAX_STREAM_DATA frames in multiple packets in
order to make sure that the sender receives an update before running out of
flow control, even if one of the packets is lost.

A receiver can advertise a larger limit for a connection by sending a MAX_DATA
frame, which indicates the maximum of the sum of the absolute byte offsets of
all streams.  A receiver maintains a cumulative sum of bytes received on all
streams, which is used to check for flow control violations. A receiver might
use a sum of bytes consumed on all streams to determine the maximum data limit
to be advertised.

> Once a receiver advertises an offset for the connection or a stream, it MAY

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once a receiver advertises a limit for the connection or a stream, it MAY
```

limit seems more consistent now

> advertise a smaller offset, but this has no effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
advertise a smaller limit, but this has no effect.
```

DATA_BLOCKED frame when it has no ack-eliciting packets in flight.

> ## Incrementing Flow Control {#fc-credit}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Increasing Flow Control Limits {#fc-credit}
```
